I give it a 3 out of 5 star rating. 

Course URL: https://www.udemy.com/the-startups-guide-to-web-development-with-ruby-on-rails/?dtcode=oQNHq302Bq1n

The Pros: 
- Alex is easy to understand and gets straight to the point. He gives the code needed to build the app, and as an experienced coder I was able to follow what he was teaching. But, for beginners, his teaching style is not what you want. You will find yourself just copying what he is doing without knowing what the code actually is. 

- As I am familiar with coding, I enjoyed this course because it did not have the "history of Ruby" and the "history of Rails" and what is a "variable", which many other courses offer. I have seen these so many times that it seems to be just fluff videos in order to say they have over X hours of content. I like how Alex just got right into coding and developing. 

- Alex seems to know what he is talking about and seems to be very knowledgeable.

- Alex tells the student exactly what he is typing as he types it. 

- You don't just learn Ruby on Rails, but also how to include Bootstrape for making nice looking apps. And you get a little HTML and CoffeeScript thrown in.

The Cons:
- Course is really out of date. The concepts are still current, but Ruby and the majority of the gems Alex uses are updated and have new code. There were times that the code was so outdated that it would fail/error out and I found myself spending almost an hour tracking down the right code online.... that is what I paid for this course, explanation from someone, not so I had to spend time on Google searching through data sheets and blog posts. This is especially true for the last section of implementing a credit card processor. The code was outdated because many students, including myself, who copied exactly what he posted and checked and double checked everything, could not get the credit card company to recognize the app and send back a token. So, the app is broken in many places. Actually, mine won't even show up on Heroku any longer after the last video. There are too many errors and I am not going to try to figure them out for a credit card processor that I am not even going to use. 

- Oh and some of the external programs he uses have also updated (like the SQLite Browser). They look different and are not found where he says they are online to download.

- When he makes a mistake typing, he just corrects it without telling the student. So, if the student is just listening and typing, they may make the same mistake and not catch it.

- No code provided for copy and paste. It is nice to have to practice typing the code for yourself to get use to it. But with the speed that Alex was saying the code, and the look of the speed of his internet (did you just speed up that part of the video or can you really post to Heroku that fast?), I found myself constantly pausing the video rewinding to see the last few lines of code before he switched to another screen. This was especially frustrating when he just put a bunch of code on the screen to copy ourselves... and part of the code was not able to be seen. I ended up posting the code in the student conversation section so that others could just copy and paste. 

- Alex doesn't seem to be on here answering any questions. As I had questions, because of broken code, I went to the student conversation area and there were the same questions I had from students who posted their questions 5, 8 even 12 months ago that Alex never answered. 

I am sure there are other pros and cons. But, I am done for now. Basically I can synopsis with this. I give this course a 3-star rating because there is a lot of outdated code and the teacher does not seem present on the course to answer any questions. So, for a moderate coder like myself to get so frustrated by this course, I would definitely not recommend it for a beginner. And really not recommend it to anyone, unless he updates the course content. But, he is a good teacher and I did make it through the course with some good understanding of Ruby and Rails. So, for that, I give 3-stars.

What I would like to see added to this course (besides updated videos with current code):
- The ability for a seller to update their credit card information in their account settings. I am guessing at some point a seller may need to update their bank account information, and currently there is no way on the demo site for them to do so. 

- A way to make categories of items, like on Etsy. Where a seller can tag their item as "handmade" and "vintage". And the listing will show up in both categories from the homepage. 

- Something that I added to my demo site early on, was the "new listings" page link to the navbar. I even did it as a dropdown with a "show all" option as well. Then when we learned about users signing in, I was able to setup this code to automatically show a dropdown with those two options if a user was signed in and only a link for all listings if a user wasn't signed in. The benefit of doing this in this course is that it makes it much easier to add a test listing during the course. Teaches that concept earlier on. And at the end when you have to go through each page to find where the "New Listing" links were, you actually would only have to change it in the _header.html.erb file.

Thank you Alex, for your work. I do appreciate it. I think if you made it current, then it would really be a 4 star course, and if you provided code copy, it would make it a 5-star course easily. 